20 year-old Devin O'Halloran is a pro on
the ice as a part-time youth hockey
referee while finishing his
undergraduate degree at Northwood
University but Devin wasn't always this
picture of health when Devin was born he
was born jaundiced like a lot of kids
are and most kids grow out of it real
early with Devin has never went away
doctors at the University of Michigan
biopsied Devin's liver they found he
suffered from a rare disease that
prevented his liver from producing a
necessary enzyme they were told young
Devin would require a liver transplant I
do remember being sick and being in and
out of the hospital unfortunately it
kept me out of school for an extra year
and I had to start hockey late also
which was a bummer for me as a kid
because of how much I loved it
Devin was put on a transplant list
shortly after he was four years old so
we waited almost a year for an organ 15%
of the patients that we put on a waiting
list for a liver transplant died before
getting a chance at a transplant the
University of Michigan has one of the
oldest and most successful organ
transplant programs in the country each
year you etham surgeons perform about
450 transplant operations but that is a
fraction of the number of people waiting
for an organ right now there are almost
110,000 patients waiting for organ
transplants across the country and that
number of patients would almost entirely
fill Michigan Stadium we need to get the
message out about the good that
transplant can do and the fact that
there really are no downsides to
donating organs the organs of one donor
can save up to eight or more lives for
the recipients these organs are truly a
gift of life but donation is also deeply
meaningful to the family of the donor
their loved ones last act on earth was
to save other people's lives
and they remember that person in that
context that's what kind of a person my
loved one was they thought about others
and they helped out others and even
there in death they were doing good
I think people should be proud of the
fact that they can help and and when
they do help it means a lot to families
like us and means a lot to young men
like Devin I don't know if there's any
words and you can really sum it up to
say thank you for doing that this gift
of life has meant everything for me and
I just want to tell everybody to please
donate it's it's amazing what what it
can do for more information on
registering to be an organ donor visit
your Secretary of State website or WW
organ donor gov
you